<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_how_should_technical_documentation_be_created_for_localization">
    <title>How should technical documentation be created for localization?</title>
    <shortdesc> Learn what documentation should be to make it easy for localization.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_scw_2x1_vpb">
                <li>Product documentation should be created in such a way that it can be translated
                    into other languages without involving additional effort and time, e.g., for
                    reengineering.</li>
                <li>Product documentation should be planned as early as possible, preferably as
                    early as the product design stage.</li>
                <li>Define the purpose and scope of the documentation and the end-user who will use
                    the documentation.</li>
                <li>Select the style guide, convention, as well as source and target formats.</li>
                <li>Minimize fragmentation of translatable text. Features such as snippet, keyref,
                    conref , etc. allow reuse of text. From the author's point of view, it is
                    beneficial for the consistency of the complete documentation. However, the text
                    fragmented into parts smaller than one sentence should not be intended for
                    translation. The parts will be difficult to translate and localize well.</li>
                <li>Provide information about non-translatable keys or just normalize content before
                    translation. The non-translatable keys are simplifications to make the
                    documentation easier to create, but they can be cumbersome to translate.
                    Normalization means processing the text to make it easier to localize. Some of
                    the keys that can be translated are replaced with plain text.</li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
